# Data Management

### Cobalt Strike’s team server is a broker for information collected by Cobalt Strike during your engagement. Cobalt Strike parses output from its Beacon payload to extract targets, services, and credentials.

### If you’d like to export Cobalt Strike’s data, you may do so through Reporting -> Export Data. Cobalt Strike provides options to export its data as TSV and XML files. The Cobalt Strike client’s export data feature merges data from all of the team servers you’re currently connected to and export TSV and XML files with data in Cobalt Strike's data model..

## Targets

### You may interact with Cobalt Strike’s target information through View -> Targets. This tab displays the same information as the Targets Visualization.

### Press Import to import a file with target information. Cobalt Strike accepts flat text files with one host per line. It also accepts XML files generated by Nmap (the –oX option).

### Press Add to add new targets to Cobalt Strike’s data model.

### Specify a range of IP addresses or use CIDR notation in the Address field to add multiple hosts at one time. Hold down shift when you click Save to add hosts to the data model and keep this dialog open

### Select one or more hosts and right-click to bring up the hosts menu. This menu is where you change the note on the hosts, set their operating system information, or remove the hosts from the data model.

## Services

### From a targets display, right-click a host, and select Services. This will open Cobalt Strike’s services browser. Here you may browse services, assign notes to different services, and remove service entries as well.

## Credentials

### Go to View -> Credentials to interact with Cobalt Strike’s credential model.

### Press Add to add an entry to the credential model. Again, you may hold shift and press Save to keep the dialog open and make it easier to add new credentials to the model.

### Press Copy to copy the highlighted entries to your clipboard.

### Use Export to export credentials in PWDump format.

## Maintenance

### Cobalt Strike’s data model keeps all of its state and state metadata in the data/ folder. This folder exists in the folder you ran the Cobalt Strike team server from.

### To clear Cobalt Strike’s data model: stop the team server, delete the data/ folder, and its contents. Cobalt Strike will recreate the data/ folder when you start the team server next.

### If you’d like to archive the data model, stop the team server, and use your favorite program to store the data/ folder and its files elsewhere. To restore the data model, stop the team server, and restore the old content to the data/ folder.

### Reporting -> Reset Data resets Cobalt Strike’s Data Model without a team server restart.

## Clearing Team Server Data

### A new script has been added for the teamserver which clears the data and state from the TeamServer to return it to a default state. Enter the following command:

#### ./clearteamserverdata

### A warning will display and you will have to enter CLEAR for the command to continue.

### The errors shown are to be expected when the folders to be deleted do not exist. In this case there are no downloads, screenshots or uploads folders so they could not be deleted. Any files of folders which could not be deleted will be listed.
